# Code Eval Solutions

## About Code Eval

[Code Eval](https://www.codeeval.com) is a website to challenge programmers
with programming problems intended to help you to improve your programming
skills.

## About this repository

There is my attempt to solve some challenge of this project, using the
Python language. The target is to solve as many as I can, and keep the time
consumed by each script below 10 seconds (at that point the script is
interrupted by Code Eval).

### Contents:

There are 3 directories, `easy/`, `moderate/` and `hard/` corresponding
with the level of the challenges in the website. Inside of each hone are
two types of files, the `*.py2` files are the ones with the code and the
`*.txt` files are those which contains the inputs to test the code.

## About Cheating

Don't cheat! If you cheat, you only fool yourself! If you can't do it, you
can not do it, that's all! Almost you tried, and if you keep learning and
studying, maybe one day you can solve those challenge that seemed so hard a
few early.

Be proud of what you have achieved instead, even if is little. Especially
if your math and programming skills or education is not so vast (as in my
case). I'm very proud to have solved all of this challenge without cheating
or copy another else's solutions. That's the right attitude.

But, once you have a solution, you can learn a lot from the solutions of
others.  That's the purpose of this repository too. Maybe you couldn't
learn a lot from my solutions, maybe even you can laugh of the most naive
ones, but doesn't matter, be humble and remember that even the most idiot
can teach you always something. The second purpose is to have a online
backup of this code, some challenge were hard to break and I would hate to
loose this code.

__The most important thing isn't the Code Eval's rank that you achieve or
the number of challenge that you solved, the most important thing is what
you have learned in the process!__

## Solved Challenges

Times computed in a Intel Core i7-3770 CPU @ 3.40GHz processor.

### Easy

Solved 49 challenges

     Armstrong Numbers                           0.04057 s        4.414 MiB
     Beautiful Strings                           0.05505 s        4.812 MiB
     Bit Positions                               0.03364 s        4.410 MiB
     Calculate Distance                          0.02082 s        4.477 MiB
     Capitalize Words                            0.04183 s        4.414 MiB
     Compressed Sequence                         0.05647 s        4.430 MiB
     Data Recovery                               0.03613 s        4.434 MiB
     Even Numbers                                0.05136 s        4.410 MiB
     Fibonacci Series                            0.01965 s        4.422 MiB
     File Size                                   0.01979 s        4.406 MiB
     Find A Writer                               0.03171 s        4.414 MiB
     Fizz Buzz                                   0.08485 s        4.426 MiB
     Happy Numbers                               0.03012 s        4.426 MiB
     Hex To Decimal                              0.02775 s        4.406 MiB
     Hidden Digits                               0.03831 s        4.441 MiB
     Json Menu Ids                               0.02434 s        4.422 MiB
     Lettercase Percentage Ratio                 0.04427 s        4.527 MiB
     Longest Word                                0.04704 s        4.410 MiB
     Lowercase                                   0.05060 s        4.395 MiB
     Lowest Unique Number                        0.02221 s        4.691 MiB
     Mixed Content                               0.03903 s        4.426 MiB
     Morse Code                                  0.02797 s        4.480 MiB
     Multiples Of A Number                       0.06286 s        4.414 MiB
     Multiplication Tables                       0.03723 s        4.410 MiB
     Multiply Lists                              0.03308 s        4.418 MiB
     N Mod M                                     0.04446 s        4.410 MiB
     Odd Numbers                                 0.02040 s        4.395 MiB
     Penultimate Word                            0.04841 s        4.395 MiB
     Prime Palindrome                            0.03164 s        4.492 MiB
     Query Board                                 0.04793 s        4.723 MiB
     Racing Chars                                0.05176 s        4.426 MiB
     Reverse Words                               0.04261 s        4.398 MiB
     Rightmost Char                              0.03036 s        4.410 MiB
     Road Trip                                   0.03942 s        4.434 MiB
     Roman Numerals                              0.07746 s        4.457 MiB
     Self Describing Numbers                     0.03778 s        4.703 MiB
     Set Intersection                            0.04500 s        4.406 MiB
     Shortest Repetition                         0.01970 s        4.430 MiB
     Simple Sorting                              0.02890 s        4.449 MiB
     Splitted Number                             0.05438 s        4.438 MiB
     Sum Of Digits                               0.02773 s        4.414 MiB
     Sum Of Integers From File                   0.04408 s        4.406 MiB
     Sum Of Primes                               0.02794 s        4.547 MiB
     Swap Case                                   0.04078 s        4.410 MiB
     Swap Elements                               0.03718 s        4.434 MiB
     The Major Element                           0.04905 s        4.699 MiB
     Unique Elements                             0.04020 s        4.430 MiB
     Word To Digit                               0.03602 s        4.426 MiB
     Working Experience                          0.04610 s        4.480 MiB

### Moderate

Solved 34 challenges

     A Pile Of Bricks                            0.02239 s        4.645 MiB
     Array Absurdity                             0.04023 s        4.699 MiB
     Bats Challenge                              0.02951 s        4.461 MiB
     Cash Register                               0.03815 s        4.492 MiB
     Color Code Converter                        0.02107 s        4.582 MiB
     Counting Primes                             0.14949 s        6.965 MiB
     Decimal To Binary                           0.03719 s        4.395 MiB
     Detecting Cycles                            0.03771 s        4.457 MiB
     Email Validation                            0.03986 s        4.422 MiB
     Endianness                                  0.01974 s        4.391 MiB
     Find A Square                               0.03247 s        4.527 MiB
     First Non Repeated Character                0.03013 s        4.703 MiB
     Flavius Josephus                            0.02355 s        4.449 MiB
     Jolly Jumpers                               0.03331 s        4.418 MiB
     Longest Lines                               0.01958 s        4.422 MiB
     Minimun Coins                               0.02755 s        4.426 MiB
     Mth To Last Element                         0.02859 s        4.406 MiB
     Number Of Ones                              0.04048 s        4.691 MiB
     Number Pairs                                0.03111 s        4.492 MiB
     Overlapping Rectangles                      0.03033 s        4.434 MiB
     Pangrams                                    0.03446 s        4.496 MiB
     Pascals Triangle                            0.03376 s        4.441 MiB
     Pass Triangle                               0.02864 s        4.445 MiB
     Point In Circle                             0.02680 s        4.539 MiB
     Remove Characters                           0.03183 s        4.695 MiB
     Reverse And Add                             0.03207 s        4.430 MiB
     Seek For An Intruder                        0.04491 s        4.762 MiB
     Stack Implementation                        0.03879 s        4.414 MiB
     String Rotation                             0.02116 s        4.695 MiB
     Sudoku                                      0.02974 s        4.449 MiB
     Sum Of Integers                             0.02854 s        4.438 MiB
     Sum To Zero                                 0.03785 s        4.484 MiB
     Trailing String                             0.02510 s        4.414 MiB
     Valid Parentheses                           0.03342 s        4.441 MiB

### Hard

Solved 5 challenges

     Closest Pair                                0.04539 s        4.543 MiB
     Following Integer                           0.04188 s        4.492 MiB
     Poker Hands                                 0.04592 s        4.934 MiB
     String List                                 0.05313 s        4.484 MiB
     String Permutations                         0.02017 s        4.480 MiB

